Deploy through Accounts (#276)
OpenZeppelin/nile: README.md

### `deploy`

> > NOTICE: Calling this method without the `--account` parameter doesn't use an account, which will be deprecated very soon as StarkNet makes deployments from accounts mandatory.

Reviewer: The spirit of this is perfect and necessary, but I'd rephrase it a bit. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
> NOTICE: Calling this method will require an account (using the `--account` param) very soon as StarkNet will make deployments from accounts mandatory. 
```

> Token for deployments to Alpha Mainnet can be set with the `--token` option.

```sh

> nile deploy contract --account setup_account_alias --alias my_contract

Reviewer 2: although i like the `--account` flag much better, for consistency with other commands we should use pk aliases
```sh
nile deploy PK_ALIAS contract ...
```
#212 partially addresses it. having an `--account` flag is also the way because it would maintain the API even after having default accounts with https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/nile/issues/73

Reviewer 2: i understand this makes much more difficult to identify therefore support both deployments (with/without account), unclear what's best here

Author: My first thought was the same (to follow the same format of send), but as you state, the difference here is that we need to support both with and without account options. Click parameters (instead of options) are not optional (they could be, but with important restrictions I think are not worth to address). 

IMO the best approach would be to let account an option in this PR (because it is potentially the desired behavior anyway) and fix (or improve) pk handling later in the issues you mentioned.

Reviewer 2: > the difference here is that we need to support both
i'm not sure about this. "accountless" deployments are already discouraged and will be prohibited soon. UDC-like deployments are already functional, so we don't really need to support it.

i think it's preferable to have a consistent, expectable API than an inconsistent one with perfect/final portions. i think we should aim for consistency and eventually migrate all methods to use `--account`.

Author: Are you suggesting then removing the support for deploys without accounts? If we remove this support, the current starknet-devnet version we support in Nile (pre 0.10.1) won't work for deployments because it has not predeployed UDC.

Reviewer 2: yes that's the suggestion, since this release will require devnet@0.3.5 already. happy to keep the functionality as long as it doesn't compromise API consistency if there's such alternative

Author: I changed the API to match the `send` one, but let a `--ignore_account` flag to deploy without an account with the deprecation warning until the direct deploys are fully removed.

Reviewer 2: thanks. i asked the starkware team, they expect to remove it by this week.

🚀 Deploying contract
⏳ ️Deployment of contract successfully sent at 0x07ec10eb0758f7b1bc5aed0d5b4d30db0ab3c087eba85d60858be46c1a5e4680
🧾 Transaction hash: 0x79e596c39cfec555f2d17253d043a0defd64a851a268b68c13811f328baf123
📦 Registering deployment as my_contract in localhost.deployments.txt
```

A few things to notice here:

1. `nile deploy <contract_name>` looks for an artifact with the same name.
2. This creates a `localhost.deployments.txt` file storing all data related to my deployment.
3. The `--account` parameter deploys using the provided account and the UniversalDeployer contract.
4. The `--alias` parameter lets you create a unique identifier for future interactions, if no alias is set then the contract's address can be used as identifier.

> 5. The `--udc_address` parameter lets you specify the UniversalDeployer address if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. The `--udc_address` parameter lets you specify the UniversalDeployer address if needed.
```
i think it should be a more generic "deployer address" name in here. not all deployer contracts will be UDC compliant.

Author: But we need to enforce at least an interface supporting the `deployContract` method as the deployer. If the deployer is not UDC compliant (not supporting this method) the deployment through the account won't work (at least in this version), wouldn't be good then to let implicit this requirement at least on the name of the option? (you can have a deployer extending UDC, but you need to support the UDC interface)

Reviewer 2: well the issue is that the standard defines the UDC as unique too. it has to be deployed to a specific address therefore any other deployer is not the UDC, let alone be compliant. i don't think it's bad to assume that such a deployer contract will follow this interface. I think we should create a standard interface for deployers too.

Reviewer 2: https://community.starknet.io/t/simp-deployer-contract-interface/2772

Author: That makes sense, I will rename it to `deployer_address` then.

### `deploy`

> NOTICE: Calling this method with `--ignore_account` is discouraged and will be removed soon, as StarkNet will make deployments from accounts mandatory.

> Token for deployments to Alpha Mainnet can be set with the `--token` option.

```txt
nile deploy <private_key_alias> <contract> [--alias ALIAS] [--network NETWORK] [--track | --debug]
```

For example:

```sh

> nile deploy setup_account_alias contract --alias my_contract

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
nile deploy <private_key_alias> contract --alias my_contract
```
this is consistent with the rest of the readme
